Feature: Mailchimp integration (#405)
ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io: scripts/README.md

This project depends on some remote sources for data:

- Events: Google Sheets, using [Google Sheets API](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/reference/rest/v4/spreadsheets.values/get)
- Newsletter: [Mailchimp API](https://mailchimp.com/developer/)

> The scripts in this directory are used to fetch the data and make it available to the Vue application to render the new content, as well as some other side effects.

Author: I didn't want to be specific in this section here because this is just explaining in a general way what the scripts we have built (and will build) do. In the specific commands docs I explain all of this.

### `npm run scripts:build:data`

> As part of the build process (see [travis config](../.travis.yml)), we fetch all the data and write it to specific `static/*.json` files so the UI can read these JSON files and render the content. Additionally, we also add event organizers to our mailchimp audience to subscribe them to our newsletter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the build process (see [travis config](../.travis.yml)), we fetch all event data for submitted events and write the data for approved events to specific `static/*.json` files so the UI can read these JSON files and render the content as event listings. Additionally, we add new event organizers to our Mailchimp audience to subscribe them to our newsletter.
```

    -  in the `.env` record in the secure ProtoSchool vault in Protocol Labs' `1Password` account
    -  as environment variables in the [Travis CI settings](https://travis-ci.org/ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io/settings)

#### `--debug` (default: false)

Prints extra information when fetching and processing the data.

#### `--dry-run` (default: true)

Data is fetched and processed, allowing you to see the statistics noted above, but is not saved into the JSON files.

> By passing `--dry-run=false` will change to `false` and data will be fetched and saved (used in CI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing `--dry-run=false` will change this value to `false` and data will be fetched and saved (used in CI).
```

> The default value `true` means that the default command will not make any changes. In "production" we need to specify `--dry-run=false` to make the needed changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value `true` means that the default command will not make any changes to event listings or newsletter subscriptions. In "production" we specify `--dry-run=false` to make the necessary changes.
```
